EXERCISE 4🡪 https://cmps-people.ok.ubc.ca/bowenhui/310/8-UML.pdf

Description:

This case study concerns a simplified system of the automatic teller machine (ATM). The ATM offers the following services: 1. Distribution of money to every holder of a smartcard via a card reader and a cash dispenser. 2. Consultation of account balance, cash and cheque deposit facilities for bank customers who hold a smartcard from their bank. Do not forget either: 3. All transactions are made secure. 4. It is sometimes necessary to refill the dispenser, etc. From these four sentences, we will work through the following activities: • Identify the actors, • Identify the use cases, •Construct a use case diagram, •Organize and structure the use cases.

What are the external entities that interact directly with the ATM? Let’s look at each of the sentences of the exposition in turn. Sentence 1 allows us to identify an obvious initial actor straight away: every “holder of a smartcard”. He or she will be able to use the ATM to withdraw money using his or her smartcard. However, be careful: the card reader and cash dispenser constitute part of the ATM. They can therefore not be considered as actors! You can note down that the identification of actors requires the boundary between the system being studied and its environment to be set out exactly. If we restrict the study to the control/ command system of physical elements of the ATM, the card reader and cash dispenser then become actors. Another trap: is the smartcard itself an actor? The card is certainly external to the ATM, and it interacts with it... Yet, we do not recommend that you list it as an actor, as we are putting into practice the following principle: eliminate “physical” actors as much as possible to the advantage of “logical” actors. The actor is the who or what that benefits from using the system. It is the card holder who withdraws money to spend it, not the card itself! Sentence 2 identifies additional services that are only offered to bank customers who hold a smartcard from this bank. This is therefore a different profile from the previous one, which we will realize by a second actor called Bank customer. Sentence 3 encourages us to take into account the fact that all transactions are made secure. But who makes them secure? There are therefore other external entities, which play the role of authorisation system and with which the ATM communicates directly. An interview with the domain expert is necessary to allow us to identify two different actors: • the Visa authorisation system (VISA AS) for withdrawal transactions carried out using a Visa smartcard (we restrict the ATM to Visa smartcards for reasons of simplification); • the information system of the bank (Bank IS) to authorize all transactions carried out by a customer using his or her bank smartcard, but also to access the account balance. Finally, sentence 4 reminds us that an ATM also requires maintenance work, such as refilling the dispenser with bank notes, retrieving cards that have been swallowed, etc. These maintenance tasks are carried out by a new actor, which – to simplify matters – we will call the Maintenance operator.
